Abstract log_figure API that implements reasonable default for all lo… (#6227)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Logger have unified API for figure logging `log_figure`. CSV and Testtube excluded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added unified API for figure logging `log_figure` in {insert all supported logger names here}.
```
I suggest to explicitly list all loggers that now support it :)
